now Joshua was old advanced in years and
now Joshua was old advanced in years and the Lord said to him you are old
the Lord said to him you are old
the Lord said to him you are old advanced in years and there remains very
advanced in years and there remains very
advanced in years and there remains very much land yet to be possessed this is
much land yet to be possessed this is
much land yet to be possessed this is the land that yet remains all the
the land that yet remains all the
the land that yet remains all the territory of the Philistines and all
territory of the Philistines and all
territory of the Philistines and all that of the Gessle writes from Scifo
that of the Gessle writes from Scifo
that of the Gessle writes from Scifo which is east of Egypt as far as the
which is east of Egypt as far as the
which is east of Egypt as far as the border of Ekron northward which is
border of Ekron northward which is
border of Ekron northward which is counted as Canaanite the five Lords of
counted as Canaanite the five Lords of
counted as Canaanite the five Lords of the Philistines the gays i'ts the Ashta
the Philistines the gays i'ts the Ashta
the Philistines the gays i'ts the Ashta dykes the ashkelon i'ts the gittite
dykes the ashkelon i'ts the gittite
dykes the ashkelon i'ts the gittite and the Ekrem i'ts also the a veidt's
and the Ekrem i'ts also the a veidt's
and the Ekrem i'ts also the a veidt's from the south all the land of the
from the south all the land of the
from the south all the land of the canaanites and name that belongs to the
canaanites and name that belongs to the
canaanites and name that belongs to the sidonians as far as effec to the border
sidonians as far as effec to the border
sidonians as far as effec to the border of the analytes the land of the giba
of the analytes the land of the giba
of the analytes the land of the giba lights and all lebanon toward the
lights and all lebanon toward the
lights and all lebanon toward the sunrise from bale gad below Mount Hermon
sunrise from bale gad below Mount Hermon
sunrise from bale gad below Mount Hermon as far as the entrance to Haman all the
as far as the entrance to Haman all the
as far as the entrance to Haman all the inhabitants of the mountains from
inhabitants of the mountains from
inhabitants of the mountains from Lebanon as far as the brook miserable
Lebanon as far as the brook miserable
Lebanon as far as the brook miserable and all the sidonians then I will drive
and all the sidonians then I will drive
and all the sidonians then I will drive out from before the children of Israel
out from before the children of Israel
out from before the children of Israel only / lot to Israel as an inheritance
only / lot to Israel as an inheritance
only / lot to Israel as an inheritance as I have commanded you
as I have commanded you
as I have commanded you now therefore divide this land as an
now therefore divide this land as an
now therefore divide this land as an inheritance to the nine tribes and half
inheritance to the nine tribes and half
inheritance to the nine tribes and half the tribe of manasseh with the other
the tribe of manasseh with the other
the tribe of manasseh with the other half tribe the rubra nights and the
half tribe the rubra nights and the
half tribe the rubra nights and the gadites receive their inheritance which
gadites receive their inheritance which
gadites receive their inheritance which Moses had given them beyond the Jordan
Moses had given them beyond the Jordan
Moses had given them beyond the Jordan eastward as Moses the servant of the
eastward as Moses the servant of the
eastward as Moses the servant of the Lord had given them from Aurora which is
Lord had given them from Aurora which is
Lord had given them from Aurora which is on the bank of the river arnon and the
on the bank of the river arnon and the
on the bank of the river arnon and the town that is in the midst of the ravine
town that is in the midst of the ravine
town that is in the midst of the ravine and all the plain of medibot as far as
and all the plain of medibot as far as
and all the plain of medibot as far as divert all the cities of Sihon king of
divert all the cities of Sihon king of
divert all the cities of Sihon king of the amorite s-- who reigned in heshbon
the amorite s-- who reigned in heshbon
the amorite s-- who reigned in heshbon as far as the border of the children of
as far as the border of the children of
as far as the border of the children of Ammon Gilead and the border of the Geshe
Ammon Gilead and the border of the Geshe
Ammon Gilead and the border of the Geshe rights and Mayock effects all Mount
rights and Mayock effects all Mount
rights and Mayock effects all Mount Hermon and all Batian as far as celkon
Hermon and all Batian as far as celkon
Hermon and all Batian as far as celkon all the kingdom of ark impatiens who
all the kingdom of ark impatiens who
all the kingdom of ark impatiens who reigned in ashteroth and Adriana who
reigned in ashteroth and Adriana who
reigned in ashteroth and Adriana who remained of the remnant of the Giants
remained of the remnant of the Giants
remained of the remnant of the Giants for Moses had defeated and cast out fees
for Moses had defeated and cast out fees
for Moses had defeated and cast out fees nevertheless the children of Israel did
nevertheless the children of Israel did
nevertheless the children of Israel did not drive out the Geshe rights or the
not drive out the Geshe rights or the
not drive out the Geshe rights or the Maat effects but the Geshe rights and
Maat effects but the Geshe rights and
Maat effects but the Geshe rights and the may akka fights dwell among the
the may akka fights dwell among the
the may akka fights dwell among the Israelites until this day only to the
Israelites until this day only to the
Israelites until this day only to the tribe of Levi he had given no
tribe of Levi he had given no
tribe of Levi he had given no inheritance the sacrifices of the Lord
inheritance the sacrifices of the Lord
inheritance the sacrifices of the Lord God of Israel made by fire are their
God of Israel made by fire are their
God of Israel made by fire are their inheritance as he said to them and Moses
inheritance as he said to them and Moses
inheritance as he said to them and Moses had given to the tribe of the children
had given to the tribe of the children
had given to the tribe of the children of Reuben and inheritance according to
of Reuben and inheritance according to
of Reuben and inheritance according to their families their territory was from
their families their territory was from
their families their territory was from aroer which is on the bank of the river
aroer which is on the bank of the river
aroer which is on the bank of the river arnon and the city that is in the midst
arnon and the city that is in the midst
arnon and the city that is in the midst of the ravine and all the plain by
of the ravine and all the plain by
of the ravine and all the plain by medibot heshbon and all its cities that
medibot heshbon and all its cities that
medibot heshbon and all its cities that are in the plane died ban fame of bale
are in the plane died ban fame of bale
are in the plane died ban fame of bale Beth Bale moon chahe Sir Kenneth meh
Beth Bale moon chahe Sir Kenneth meh
Beth Bale moon chahe Sir Kenneth meh faith kerchief am
faith kerchief am
faith kerchief am Sigma 0th shahe on the mountain of the
Sigma 0th shahe on the mountain of the
Sigma 0th shahe on the mountain of the valley
valley
valley fpou the slopes of Pisgah and beth
fpou the slopes of Pisgah and beth
fpou the slopes of Pisgah and beth joshimuz all the cities of the plain and
joshimuz all the cities of the plain and
joshimuz all the cities of the plain and all the kingdom of Sihon king of the
all the kingdom of Sihon king of the
all the kingdom of Sihon king of the amorite s-- who reigned in heshbon whom
amorite s-- who reigned in heshbon whom
amorite s-- who reigned in heshbon whom moses had struck with the princes of
moses had struck with the princes of
moses had struck with the princes of Midian Eve I Rican Zoo her and Reba who
Midian Eve I Rican Zoo her and Reba who
Midian Eve I Rican Zoo her and Reba who were princes of Sihon dwelling in the
were princes of Sihon dwelling in the
were princes of Sihon dwelling in the country the children of Israel also
country the children of Israel also
country the children of Israel also killed with the sword Balaam the son of
killed with the sword Balaam the son of
killed with the sword Balaam the son of Beor the soothsayer among those who were
Beor the soothsayer among those who were
Beor the soothsayer among those who were killed by them and the border of the
killed by them and the border of the
killed by them and the border of the children of Reuben was the bank of the
children of Reuben was the bank of the
children of Reuben was the bank of the Jordan this was the inheritance of the
Jordan this was the inheritance of the
Jordan this was the inheritance of the children of Reuben according to their
children of Reuben according to their
children of Reuben according to their families the cities and their villages
families the cities and their villages
families the cities and their villages Moses also had given an inheritance to
Moses also had given an inheritance to
Moses also had given an inheritance to the tribe of GAD to the children of GAD
the tribe of GAD to the children of GAD
the tribe of GAD to the children of GAD according to their families their
according to their families their
according to their families their territory was Jason and all the cities
territory was Jason and all the cities
territory was Jason and all the cities of Gilead and half the land of the
of Gilead and half the land of the
of Gilead and half the land of the ammonites as far as aroer which is
ammonites as far as aroer which is
ammonites as far as aroer which is before Raburn and from heshbon to ramoth
before Raburn and from heshbon to ramoth
before Raburn and from heshbon to ramoth Mizpah and Betterman and from mayor
Mizpah and Betterman and from mayor
Mizpah and Betterman and from mayor Nahum to the border of deburr and in the
Nahum to the border of deburr and in the
Nahum to the border of deburr and in the valley of beth Hiram Beth Nomura Sukkoth
valley of beth Hiram Beth Nomura Sukkoth
valley of beth Hiram Beth Nomura Sukkoth and Zaphod the rest of the kingdom of
and Zaphod the rest of the kingdom of
and Zaphod the rest of the kingdom of sihon king of Heshbon with the Jordan as
sihon king of Heshbon with the Jordan as
sihon king of Heshbon with the Jordan as its border as far as the edge of the sea
its border as far as the edge of the sea
its border as far as the edge of the sea of kynareth on the other side of the
of kynareth on the other side of the
of kynareth on the other side of the Jordan eastward this is the inheritance
Jordan eastward this is the inheritance
Jordan eastward this is the inheritance of the children of GAD according to
of the children of GAD according to
of the children of GAD according to their families the cities and their
their families the cities and their
their families the cities and their villages Moses also had given an
villages Moses also had given an
villages Moses also had given an inheritance to half the tribe of
inheritance to half the tribe of
inheritance to half the tribe of Manasseh it was for half the tribe of
Manasseh it was for half the tribe of
Manasseh it was for half the tribe of the children of Manasseh according to
the children of Manasseh according to
the children of Manasseh according to their families
their families
their families their territory was from Mayor name all
their territory was from Mayor name all
their territory was from Mayor name all bation all the kingdom of argh
bation all the kingdom of argh
bation all the kingdom of argh king of Bashan and all the towns of jaya
king of Bashan and all the towns of jaya
king of Bashan and all the towns of jaya which are invasion sixty cities half of
which are invasion sixty cities half of
which are invasion sixty cities half of Gilead and Ashtaroth and adrià cities of
Gilead and Ashtaroth and adrià cities of
Gilead and Ashtaroth and adrià cities of the kingdom of argh invasion where for
the kingdom of argh invasion where for
the kingdom of argh invasion where for the children of making the son of
the children of making the son of
the children of making the son of Manasseh for half of the children of may
Manasseh for half of the children of may
Manasseh for half of the children of may care according to their families these
care according to their families these
care according to their families these are the areas which Moses had
are the areas which Moses had
are the areas which Moses had distributed as an inheritance in the
distributed as an inheritance in the
distributed as an inheritance in the plains of Moab on the other side of the
plains of Moab on the other side of the
plains of Moab on the other side of the Jordan by Jericho eastward but of a
Jordan by Jericho eastward but of a
Jordan by Jericho eastward but of a tribe of Levi Moses had given no
tribe of Levi Moses had given no
tribe of Levi Moses had given no inheritance the Lord God of Israel was
inheritance the Lord God of Israel was
inheritance the Lord God of Israel was their inheritance as he had said to them
their inheritance as he had said to them
their inheritance as he had said to them [Music]